


i want to test ur understanding of ledger, 
pal, 
and our architecture by creating a simple 1-4 player application using the master ledger system


will show a game setup screen prompting user 1-4 players? 

then for each player , human or computer. 


then "epoch length of test"  1- 10

--------------

then for the test. 

all "participants" 
are put in a que. p1,p2,p3,p4 


when its a human players turn , they will see the "input screen" where they wil input a random word

that will be stored to ledger ie : epoch1 : p1 : "hello" 

*computer playeres will choose from a bank of random words" 


obviously humans dont see computer player turns, they are done in the background. 

<persisten options : 
ledger option : allows player to view ledger during their turn

menu option : 
however, we will also make a menu screen, and in that menu screen it will allow us to tweak
human or computer player at any time. 
obviously computer only players will play automatically , one at a time each epoch> 


this is meant to be an investigation and demonstration of the architecture from 'mars street  / p2p / monsters'

so we can examine and fix or refine ,or use as master demo. 
we need to use the "pal architecture" present in pal-irc, etc 


one thing i wanna make sure : each player gets their own dir made (deletes old dirs) 

(give them option to make custom name or leave blank 4auto)
their dir should contain a copy of their ledgers entries only that updates when ledger updates, get it? 


Done? 
now it should add 10 other "npc's" that also take turns. just like the setup players would
they are also player, they get the same things players get, 
their own copy of the ledger, in their own dir etc. 


DONE? 


now we want to make a map. 
and let player enter xy coordinates. 2 move their number "1-4" on the game board for there
turn into unoccupied space.  



<done , make both read a config.txt file that has an auto game setup , with 1 human player
the rest computer/npc ; should skip setup screen if config is present> 


<done. now read it, clean it up w/e ; u win> 

