
🗣️
just skip user login. 
and go straight 2 avatar creation. an stat building leveling up badges etc. {house/world creation}
thats honestly pmf, thats wut ppl care about. 
then when it matters we can turn around and worry about login


and we wanted to make a stable diffusion , and immediately give u a free pet 
that u can talk 2  . and make affinity or dealing with other pets 'hard/impossible'

(just milk them etc  + use same data but dont test managing 100 things at once
later we may keep it like pokemon where u have only top 6 (otherwise u woudl stack them in flexboxes

(and only let "existing player ; go 1 fbx deep for stuff, otherwise u have 2 deploy that entity

obv thats an artificial constraint and we can undo it for a "dATABASE /CSV PROGRAM ie item management
but we will not do that in game(not what the game is about, dont wanna confuse ;  keep game fun , tools 4 game productive and line between both thick.), good 2 know about both tho


we were thinking . what about , i show u my/a picture and u stable diffuse it over
a sprite, instead of making user spend time customizing. 
or give them ratty shit and make them buy clothes so dont worry about clothes

and how would it do facial features then, can ur diffusion do that? <thats wut matters>
we can have it do body type manually , and u can change ur hair w/e +gta like "haircuts"
(u can always load ur character into character edit screen ; instead of using ur wardrobe
and can even pull from ur wardrobe later but lets keep it simple for now. 

i actually would like to setup game loading first. 

<u maybe more like "pulling in rmmv sprite as character"
but actually were gonna wait on that and focus on having a basic avatr
and managing its account data for now. 
(im gonna have it mine on blockchain on my behalf, "LIKE ROLLER COIN"
and will chat with it and stuff. maybe 'have it train my muchipal' w/o my input
or with some input (ie tell it to focus on strength , etc) 
later have it more like monster rancher where he can take it to competitions it can die etc. 
then they can buy stuff for the ranch. and sell old stuff
and sell crops ; on the auction market. 

then we will turn the auction market into wsr
by having other beings in other 'map account worlds' doing stuff
but connect the online (no physical yet purely online) 
<these run by real p2p ai running headless accounts, that i can open on my desk instead
of my account and look at those > 

but we will also make local full npc only worlds
and those wont trade in between the other worlds (yet) just building ur own ecosytem (and backpedal 2 evo after stone ages lvl trading before we actually do wsr, by doing civilization 
, tech trees and later snaking that thru an independantly finished WSR> ... yup...
then we will do space and stuff 2 obvious. chem. r&d . -> maybe try 2 make an online portal
and go back 2 school at this point lol 🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️
🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️🀄️
