


📅️j23-25 : 16 : 
you maybe tempted to just "fix wsr" 

i wouldn't do that. i would scan them all with ai , and get architecture docs made
that u read. 

my goals: 
i want them all to have a p2p like architecture for running player/npc entities
where i kinda writes to a ledger , updates all the necessary "files" 
and lets the next entity write to the ledger, updates the necessary files etc
(this could even be done on line as a ring architecture ; 
players write to ledger their turn ; w/e happen happens next turn ; this is turn based multiplayer
the npcs are treated like "real players" 
this way we can swap in human or meta ai controllers over the ai. 

therefore
it seems the current bottle neck is in mutaclysm , 4 not being like this
and also having some bugs related to key input that this introduced. 
(i have an older mutaclysm 2 use as reference for its "interact mode" 





whats wrong , where : 

whats right : 
i think wsr is the colest 2 vision

docs? there maybe random docs in mutaclsym that are right from attempt even tho 
the code is wrong kuz keyboard bug blocking 


even in different steps/dirs  , etc. if it makes sense u could run it 1 pass. this saves 75% tokens.
<lot of stuff is obvious corrections's u shouldn't have had 2 do if u were doing arch correctly >  


📅️j23-25 : 

the right thing to do is to make


"Mutaclysm" 
"wsr" 
"p2p chat 
all have a master ledger / p2p-ring architecture. 


they should all use the same mechanism (like earlier wsr ; we shoulda finished that first, 
but aware of the visual of the code, even read thru it. try 2 read it urself. 

use sonnet , then use haiku, then read it. rest if they are being violent. 
just have a normal pace. its all good. we still use tpmos/wraith gui conventions
and maybe even their arch. but maybe not. maybe we backport "NPC/Multiplayer " arch
its not really a backport cuz it never existed in the right way or barely at all so its all good. 

its actually not me whos rushing , its them. 
they will start making noise, being subtly violent spamming , anti spamming etc. 
u need 2 combat that somehow. they will try 2 destroy sleep cycle rape. etc. remain sane. 
stay out of jail/ hospital. w/e 


everytime i start getting work momemtn . even note taking
they rp like im thier slave and start resisting it 4 their own fun. (even right now
or i would righ tmore about what needs 2 be done and even read the code) 


digress. anyways this is the answer. youll probably do it next week its not that hard

just put . p2p/ muta and wsr (agents)  all in 1 room and sort it out = the real 4x. 
(other has no chtpm lol; and tpmos/wraith was hard 4 human 2 read. i think were ready finally <3)


< i may literally move them 2 a new folder, and kinda just use fuzz op 

since mutaclysm is jacked up and u dont kno why ; i may do wsr and go back 2 muta later. 

(the "er muta" maybe using stale binaries. so we dont even know )


❤️‍🔥️
heres what i would do : 

get it to explain every fucking peice of the proposed architecture before we code it. 
even better if u do this with wsr. and push forward and literally audit the code first. 

if its not readable , its not good enough. 
we sorted gui shit out. we have those standards. now its mechanical. 


🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️
first step  = move the 4 out. not by hand
tell it there maybe shared code, and move any of it all out. then , just 4 projs no more
🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️🍀️⛲️🪙️🧭️🔍️
📬️
ij ust moved them. if they need libs, ask the ai... duh 📬️

🔫️i really wanna make a game that plays like starwars batlefront 
(in 2d and 3d ; i played the shit outta that) ; watch vids, youll get it. (battlefield 2) 
<its subtle. but u dont deploy the army like in tactics, 
u simple spawn as whichever unit , till u die over and over, 
and it contributes 2 the "points" remember? do that. its not 'die-cringe' its super addictive
<esp if robots/ clones/ avatars w/e > 
<u capture the flags 2 get huge point boosts or w/e ; always time based> 
<and u could probably see how they fele like missions naturally; or could be moreso? >
<at the end theres a scoreboard 4 both teams, and u can get xp/ levle ups 2 apply 2 diff charas u play
<or even unlock new charas?others can play them but not u till then 

fortkknite could be like this 2 . is what im sayin. and u could put up lasting turrets
other stff like minecraft could be like this , bulding a huge defense place
that only ur team knows etc. traps etc. fun. better hand 2 hand in fps = smashbros fps ...
(which is also a super classic multiplayer party game interestingly enough)
🔫️
ofc it can be 2d chomchio style 2. 
u just run 1 'piece' till u die. (u may run it for a good run but its setup so u will die probably at
some point. 
📅️

